VictoriaLogs: fix validation for loki logs with structured metadata (#7432)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/VictoriaLogs/CHANGELOG.md

## tip

* FEATURE: add an ability to specify extra fields for logs ingested via [HTTP-based data ingestion protocols](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/data-ingestion/#http-apis). See `extra_fields` query arg and `VL-Extra-Fields` HTTP header in [these docs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/data-ingestion/#http-parameters).

> * BUGFIX: fix validation for loki logs with structured metadata. The previous has been introduced in [v0.3.0](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/releases/tag/v0.3.0-victorialogs). See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/7431).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: Properly parse structured metadata when ingesting logs with Loki ingestion protocol. An issue has been introduced in [v0.3.0](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/releases/tag/v0.3.0-victorialogs). See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/7431) for the details.
```
